dev log

day 2
woke at 9
up at 10
downstairs at 11:16
porridge a vehicle for muscovado, nutmeg, cinnamon
four organs
coffee

first up is generalising shadow sprites. DONE
move monsters over DONE
make spores land DONE
wind direction NAH

the idea of spores being their own sprites, moving and landing is just a bit too fiddly.
should just have a dandelion spread its influence manually to squares nearby.

Plants spread.
Foragers keep plants in line.
Ants eat foragers and keep plants in line so they probably need to eat at the same rate.

Foragers probably eat a bit too quick right now.
All the time scales are messed up.
went skating
	- rocked over the spine
	- did a accidental shove-it nose revert
slept about 4

day 3
up at about 12
egg mayo
beatles
coffee

i'm not sure what the interaction between predators and ants should look like.
hazard pheromones aren't redrawing.

waiting for internet.

alpha is really slow.

need to change render AGAIN!
just get the total colour and draw once. Otherwise danger isn't getting redrawn. Or anything that's not on a home tile.

day 4
react
codemirror
made a butternut squash and sausage shepherd's pie, pretty good
	- dice and boil squash for 15 minutes
	- chop, fry sausages with bacon and red onions, and some stock and tomato and reduce
		- oh and sage
	- drain and mash squash with butter, salt, pepper, parmesan, cinnamon
	- layer squash on top of sausages, sprinkle more parmesan, bake at 200C until crispy

drank lots of mint tea and played overwatch

day 5..?
I think?
Got code injection working, now, I need to tidy up the ant code.
Then add docs.
Then add auto complete
syntax highlighting DONE but oh man that was harder than I thought it would be.

take the weekend off
then
- missions.
	- just use local storage to track progress for now, it doesn't really matter.
	- modal
	- win conditions

- I could make the ACTUAL ants into something that extends the ant class. And thereby hide methods?
- Maybe ants should just drop food at the base instead of depositing it in the nest like a bank
- And a way of dealing with errors.
	- And restarting the game, etc.
- How to import into these anonymous functions?
	- With disgusting hacks, of course.

